out west rough-and-ready met a stranger
coin who was selling his sheep because
somebody's been stealing my sheep
so Reddy offered to help catch the Sheep
rustlers by disguising himself as a
sheep and waiting for the rustlers but
when rough-in the sheepdog fell asleep a
mysterious visitor approached the
sleeping flock and a big hook came down
from the sky picking up one of the sheep
and taking him away will Reddy be next
let's see the plot thickens as the
mysterious skyhook continues to pull the
wool over ready sleepy eyes oh they're
asleep they're all asleep on the job
tor ready we're gonna miss him
I can't all that last sheep up to fan
hang on to him
we'll take off anyway so the sheep
rustlers are helicopter hijackers
already he's beginning to wake up man
you can't beat that scenery that's
mighty pretty country down fire
especially from a bird's-eye view
bird's-eye view yeah hey killer that fat
sheep psyched it up we'll take care of
that mutton head pronto well somebody
better do something and now because red
is heading for trouble but it's too late
and now cactus today just isn't Reddy's
day there's a hideout dead ahead right
killer stand by for a landed as the
crooks cross the canyon in their copter
a little western town comes into view
but that's gruesome Gulch
what are those honoré outlaw stopping
here for well they can't land on top of
that old barn but look the barn roof is
opening up
it's a secret entrance this must be the
rustlers secret hideout no doubt already
this might get rough speaking of rough
where is he Oh Willie wake up what's up
partner
look Freddy's gone and so some of my
sheep - wooly there's no tracks no
footprints
Ready's just plain disappeared sure
that's what's been happening to my sheep
well maybe this lamb saw what happened -
ready I'll ask him
which way did he go you know a pointer
you mean that away but that's the way
too gruesome Gulch
crew some coach well that means Reddy's
in real trouble you are so right ruff
those sheep rustlers aren't sharpening
those sheep shears for the sheer fun of
it we'll see what happens next when we
see the two terrible twins from Texas
the next episode of rough-and-ready